Update Game/manual specific items for 2025 (#2914)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/frc-glossary.rst

      Kit of Parts - the collection of items listed on the Kickoff Kit checklists, distributed to the team via FIRST Choice, or paid for completely (except shipping) with a Product Donation Voucher (PDV).

   KOP chassis

>       The KOP contains a drive base (chassis) distributed to every team (that did not opt out) as part of the :term:`KOP`. For the 2025 season, the KOP chassis is the [AM14U5](https://www.andymark.com/products/am14u5-6-wheel-drop-center-robot-drive-base-first-kit-of-parts-chassis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The KOP contains a drive base (chassis) distributed to every team (that did not opt out) as part of the :term:`KOP`. For the 2025 season, the KOP chassis is the [AM14U6](https://www.andymark.com/products/am14u6-6-wheel-drop-center-robot-drive-base-2025-frc-kit-of-parts-drive-base).
```

Author: Interesting, I had looked at the drive base KOP list and the first couple parts were listed as am14u5. I guess those didn't change.
